Add information that `pyi` files are used in runtime when use `attach_stub` (#47)
scientific-python/lazy_loader: README.md

stubs](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/stubs.html) (`.pyi`
files) with `lazy.attach_stub`.

```python 
import lazy_loader as lazy
__getattr__, __dir__, _ = lazy.attach_stub(__name__, "subpackages.pyi")
```

> In such scenario the `lazy_loader` determine imports base on `.pyi`, 
> so `.pyi` files are then required not only for type checking but also in runtime. 
> (during freezing app that uses library using `lazy_loader` it is required to collect also `.pyi` files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, since imports are now defined in `.pyi` files, those
are not only necessary for type checking but also at runtime.
```
